new: add lookup from example for recommendation api (#433)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/concepts/explore.md

Parameter `using` specifies which stored vectors to use for the recommendation.

### Lookup vectors from another collection

*Available as of v0.11.6*

If you have collections with vectors of the same dimensionality,
and you want to look for recommendations in one collection based on the vectors of another collection,
you can use the `lookup_from` parameter.

> It might be useful, e.g. in the item-to-user recommendations where user and item embeddings are stored in different collections with different index configuration.

Reviewer: It might be confusing to mention different index configuration, I think.

```suggestion
It might be useful, e.g. in the item-to-user recommendations where user and item embeddings are stored in different collections, but are still comparable and have the same dimensions.
```

```http
POST /collections/{collection_name}/points/recommend

{
  "positive": [100, 231],
  "negative": [718],
  "using": "image",
  "limit": 10,
  "lookup_from": {
    "collection":"{external_collection_name}",
    "vector":"{external_vector_name}"
 }
}
```

```python
client.recommend(
    collection_name="{collection_name}",
    positive=[100, 231],
    negative=[718],
    using="image",
    limit=10,
    lookup_from=models.LookupLocation(
        collection="{external_collection_name}",
        vector="{external_vector_name}"
    ),
)
```

```typescript
client.recommend("{collection_name}", {
  positive: [100, 231],
  negative: [718],
  using: "image",
  limit: 10,
  lookup_from: {
        "collection" : "{external_collection_name}",
        "vector" : "{external_vector_name}"
    },
});
```

Vectors are retrieved from the external collection by ids provided in the `positive` and `negative` lists. 

> These vectors then used to perform the recommendation in the current collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These vectors then used to perform the recommendation in the current collection, comparing against the `using` vector name.
```
